Add changelog for release `10.0.0-alpha.0` (#495)
ckeditor/ckeditor5-angular: CHANGELOG.md

Changelog
=========

> ## [10.0.0-alpha.0](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5-angular/compare/v9.1.0...v10.0.0-alpha.0) (July 1, 2025)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [10.0.0-alpha.0](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5-angular/compare/v9.1.0...v10.0.0-alpha.0) (July 2, 2025)
```

### BREAKING CHANGES

> * Switched to new import names introduced in CKEditor 5 v46. Older versions are no longer supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Aligned the component with the latest CKEditor 5 release (`v46.0.0`), adopting the import names. Starting from this version, previous CKEditor 5 releases are no longer compatible due to breaking changes in definitions and package structure. See [ckeditor/ckeditor5#18583](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/issues/18583)
```
